We've been done long before it all begun
Still can't give it up
Lead me on but leave before the morning comes
Even though it's what we want, can't keep this up for long
But I just, I just don't wanna leave you
Might just, might just throw away the reasons
Why we both can't lay here
And secret, secret, both gotta keep it
Honest, honest, that's just a game
We know we both can't play
For tonight, I'm yours
So deny the truth
We'll stay ****** closed doors
'Cause all I wanna do is lie with you
Even though it's wrong to lie with you
We've become **** to what we know is wrong
But no one knows but us
The feelings rush every single time we touch
Even though it's what we want, can't keep this up for long
But I just, I just don't wanna leave you
Might just, might just throw away the reasons
Why we both can't lay here
And secret, secret, both gotta keep it
Honest, honest, that's just a game
We know (Know), we both can't play
For tonight, I'm yours (I'm yours)
So deny the truth (Deny the truth)
We'll stay ****** closed doors
'Cause all I wanna do is lie (Lie), with you
For tonight, I'm yours
So deny the truth
We'll stay ****** closed doors
'Cause all I wanna do is lie with you
Even though it's wrong, I'll lie with you